Readme updated. (#920)
ergoplatform/ergo: README.md

 
Available `networkId` options: `mainnet`, `testnet`, `devnet`. 

## UI

> Node UI (graphical interface) gould be accessed at `<node_ip>:<api_port>/panel`

Author: ```suggestion
Node UI (graphical interface) could be accessed at `<node_ip>:<api_port>/panel` in your browser.
```
